docs: add monorepo overrides guide (#1535)
voidzero-dev/vite-plus: docs/guide/monorepo.md

> # Monorepos

Author: should be `monorepo`

> Vite+ works well in monorepos when the shared tool configuration lives in the workspace root. Put the root defaults in `vite.config.ts`, then use `overrides` to apply package-specific lint and format settings.

Author: same here

This is the recommended pattern for shared quality tooling because the root config stays type-safe and composable, while each app or package can still keep its own Vite, Vitest, framework, or runtime files when that is useful.

## Root Config With Overrides

Use `lint.overrides` for Oxlint rules that only apply to some packages:

```ts [vite.config.ts]
import { defineConfig } from 'vite-plus';

export default defineConfig({
  lint: {
    plugins: ['typescript'],
    options: {
      typeAware: true,
      typeCheck: true,
    },
    rules: {
      'no-console': ['error', { allow: ['warn', 'error'] }],
    },
    overrides: [
      {
        files: ['apps/web/**', 'packages/ui/**'],
        plugins: ['typescript', 'react'],
        rules: {
          'react/self-closing-comp': 'error',
        },
      },
      {
        files: ['apps/api/**'],
        env: {
          node: true,
        },
        rules: {
          'no-console': 'off',
        },
      },
      {
        files: ['**/*.test.ts', '**/*.spec.ts'],

>         plugins: ['typescript', 'vitest'],

Author: Please make sure the plugins example actually exists and is not fabricated

# Monorepo

Vite+ works well in a monorepo when the shared tool configuration lives in the workspace root. Put the root defaults in `vite.config.ts`, then use `overrides` to apply package-specific lint and format settings.

> This is the recommended pattern for shared quality tooling because the root config stays type-safe and composable, while each app or package can still keep its own Vite, Vitest, framework, or runtime files when that is useful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vite+ supports monorepos with `vite.config.ts` at the root. You can define the defaults for `lint`, `fmt`, etc. at the root, and use `overrides` to apply package-specific lint and format settings.

Because `vite.config.ts` is just JavaScript, you can choose to put your entire config into this file or compose it using regular JavaScript imports. You can still have separate `vite.config.ts` files in each package for the Vite, Vitest, framework or runtime configuration.
```

        plugins: ['typescript', 'vitest'],
        rules: {
          '@typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any': 'off',
          'vitest/no-disabled-tests': 'error',
        },
      },
    ],
  },
});
```

Globs are resolved from the root `vite.config.ts`, so use workspace paths such as `apps/web/**`, `apps/api/**`, and `packages/ui/**`.

::: tip
When a `lint.overrides` entry sets `plugins`, that list replaces the base `lint.plugins` list for matched files. Include every plugin needed by that file group, such as `['typescript', 'react']`. Omit `plugins` only when the override should inherit the base list unchanged.
:::

## Format Overrides

Use `fmt.overrides` for file or package-specific Oxfmt options. Formatter overrides put their settings under `options`:

```ts [vite.config.ts]
import { defineConfig } from 'vite-plus';

export default defineConfig({
  fmt: {
    singleQuote: true,
    semi: true,
    overrides: [
      {
        files: ['apps/api/**'],
        options: {
          printWidth: 120,
        },
      },
      {
        files: ['**/*.md'],
        options: {
          proseWrap: 'always',
        },
      },
    ],
  },
});
```

> ## Splitting Config Files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Composing Configuration Files
```

> You can still split configuration across your repository. Export normal JavaScript objects from nearby files, import them in the root config, and merge them into the matching override.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can split configuration across your repository and compose them using JavaScript imports. Export JavaScript objects from nearby files or packages, import them in the root config, and merge them into the matching override.
```
